Let's start with styling the draw on the fielders screen.
That's not difficult.
It's something we did before in the filters navigator here in the stack navigator.
When the NHS have to set up the detailed navigation options we're all using for the fab navigator and
our meals navigator so we can just copy this second configuration object here and add this on our filters
navigator here as a second argument to create stack navigator.
Of course you can remove that commented outline.
But with this simple change we're making sure we're using the same navigation bar where action bar style
here.
So that's a simple but useful change now for the draw itself.
What about this look here and the style of the draw.
Now for one you can if you want control the entire draw and change how items are laid out there and
not use this default of having a list with ripple effect here on Android and a different effect than
I was.
But I think that is a nice default which I actually don't want to change.
If you would want to You can however replace this entire component which is rendered in here and it
helps you find a link to the official box where you can learn more about this in case you need to customize
this.
What I of course do want to change is the style of these items and the text which is displayed here.
Now that's not too difficult.
Let's start with the text as a text as you can tell it by default takes these identifiers here meals
father filters.
Now of course it can do that but meals fast.
That's not really a text we want to show to our users.
Therefore I want to override this and we can do this with the good old navigation options which justice
before with the taps where we also could control the label text we have to set on our stack navigators
ever when we're creating the stack navigator there besides setting default navigation options for every
screen in that navigator we can set navigation options for the whole navigator itself which is then
not for the screens in the Navigator but for the navigator when it's used as a screen which is what
we're doing here.
And then here we could set a draw label and could set this to filters with a couple of exclamation marks
just so that we see that this has an effect.
Now we see that here.
So that's where we can set this one option.
Alternatively here when creating the draw and navigator we can use that longer form where we set up
a screen and where we then set up navigation options here and these are simply just alternatives where
neither of the two is better or worse.
You can use several of them.
And now here I will set draw label to meals.
Let's say that seems that makes more sense to me that meals farce.
So with that if I now open the drawer I see meals and filters for filters I now didn't overwrite the
title because I'm fine with the default of taking my identifier.
But for meals I did override it.
Now what about the styling the color and so on.
Well that of course can be controlled as well well justice before with for example the taps where we
also could pass a second argument to create bottom tap navigator to control the layout and the styling
of the taps.
In general we can do the same for the draw to create draw and navigator we can pass a second argument
which is an object configured to draw a navigator itself.
And there we get a couple of options.
Again official box gives you an exhaustive list of everything you can configure.
For example you've got your content options which allows you to control the content in the draw so to
draw items to the end and there you got a bunch of settings you can setup.
For example you can set a active tint color which is basically to color an item has when it's active.
Then we can set this two colors accent color if we want to instead of using that blue default day for
now.
This is orange and this is how easy it is to change this does all we need to do.
Now if you also want to change the font debts you stare.
We can do that as well besides setting act of tint color here on the content options we can set up a
labeled style here.
And that takes a style object which will be applied to the underlying text component in the draw so
we can set up things like text the line there if we want to.
Or in my case you're simply set up the font family and set this to open sense maybe like this.
Not even the bold version if we do that clearly see a difference.
Now I'll set it back to bold actually because that's nicer but to see a difference.
I think it was clear without bold.
So now we're using our own font here.
The bold version and our own color.
And that's pretty neat.
I'd say same of course all the works on Android.
This is how you can work with your draw.
How you can all those style everything there.
And with that you learned about the main navigation patterns you can add to your app with the help of
React navigation.
Now obviously as I emphasized multiple times for this module there's a lot to configure all these navigators
have different navigation options and settings for the navigators themselves and therefore definitely
check out the official box and simply play around with the different settings you see there to experiment
with what you can do the things I showed here and the things we changed here are probably the common
things you want to customize which is why it did showed him here.
But again there is so much to do.
Definitely check out the official docs for this app.
The navigation part is basically done.
There's not too much else to add.
Now it's time to revisit the general styling.
For example make sure we are using the right fonts everywhere also in the tabs and in the header and
for example all the forward the text here which we're currently not.
And then also fill the rest of the app with some meat for example the detail page here which still has
some dummy content at the moment and also our filters page which also just has dummy content.
That's what I'll do in the rest of this module.
They're often the next module will all to make sure that we add more logic and that we for example can
mark something as a favorite and Candy for that added to the favorites tab which currently doesn't work.
But for now let's finish the styling and add the rest of the layout and content to this app.